---
title: Saturday, June 17
date: 2023-06-17
categories: []
tags: []
---

## 17:02

Crazy day... We had karate promotion and it was going great until Jedidiah passed out. I didn't really see it but I heard him hit the heater thing and saw Malkiya crying with her hands over her mouth. Jedidiah's face looked weird. It was like he was growling or something and his eyes were just open and staring ahead.

That was 12:14. Since then he has been taken to the ER and transferred to a children's hospital. He had a cardiac arrest at the dojo and Mom and Ricky's grandma were doing CPR on him when the paramedics showed up. Thank God we called the paramedics before Jed went into arrest. According to what Mom said Jedidiah has the same thing that football player had who passed out on the field. When you get hit in the heart strong enough the heart can just slow down and stop. It happens to a lot of athletes.

Right now Malkiya and I are in the waiting room waiting for our turn to see Jedidiah. I feel fine, I didn't even cry (yet?) but Malkiya took it hard (of course) and I was worried about her more than my brother. I just felt like Jed was gonna be fine and I didn't need to worry about it. I think Mom is a bit surprised (and maybe concerned) that I'm so calm and cool through it all. I don't blame her, there might be something wrong with me.

Anyway, Jedidiah's condition is stable and everything looks good so far. I'm just chilling at this point and thinking about what I'm going to do when Dad and his partners get here. That's a whole other situation, but I'm sure I'll be ready for his crap.
